Wevolor (#20950)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/wevolor.markdown

---
title: Wevolor
description: Integrating the Wevolor WiFi controller for Levolor 6-channel remote for motorized shades and blinds.
ha_release: "2022.1.1"
ha_category: Cover
ha_iot_class: "Assumed State"
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@timstallmann'
ha_domain: wevolor
---

> [Levolor](https://levolor.com) is an American manufacturer of window shades and coverings. Motorized Levolor blinds can be controlled via the [Levolor Premium 6-Channel Remote](https://www.levolor.com/premium-6-channel-remote.html), which syncs via Bluetooth with a smartphone app but does not offer any remote control over WiFi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Levolor](https://levolor.com) is an American manufacturer of window shades and coverings. Motorized Levolor blinds can be controlled via the [Levolor Premium 6-Channel Remote](https://www.levolor.com/premium-6-channel-remote.html), which syncs via Bluetooth with a smartphone app but does not offer any remote control over Wi-Fi.
```

> [Wevolor](https://wevolor.com) is a WiFi enabled IoT device, built by Roger Hoggarth, which syncs with the Levolor 6-channel remote to allow linking Levolor blinds to a home automation system. The Wevolor firmware can be downloaded for free and installed on a compatible Arduino device, or Wevolor devices can be purchased from the Wevolor website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Wevolor](https://wevolor.com) is a Wi-Fi-enabled IoT device, built by Roger Hoggarth, which syncs with the Levolor 6-channel remote to allow linking Levolor blinds to a home automation system. The Wevolor firmware can be downloaded for free and installed on a compatible Arduino device, or Wevolor devices can be purchased from the Wevolor website.
```

> This integration supports Wevolor [version 5.4](https://wevolor.com/instructions/wevolor_instructions_5_4.html) and greater, using the locally available API. Your Wevolor device will need to have a static IP address on the local network, since Wevolor does not support any sort of auto-discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration supports Wevolor [version 5.4](https://wevolor.com/instructions/wevolor_instructions_5_4.html) and greater, using the locally available API. Your Wevolor device will need to have a static IP address on the local network since Wevolor does not support any sort of auto-discovery.
```

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> {% configuration %}

Reviewer: The configuration block is used for YAML configuration descriptions. Please use the basic configuration block instead.

Author: Fixed, I think?

  host:
    required: true
    description: The IP address of the Wevolor device on the local network.

>     type: string

Reviewer: Configuration basic doesn't use `required`, `default` and `type` keys.

  channel_count:
    required: true
    description: The number of channels (1-6) you would like to be displayed in the UI for this Wevolor device.
    type: integer
    default: 6
  support_tilt:
    required: true
    description: Set true if the Levolor blinds you are controlling support tilt, false otherwise.
    type: boolean
    default: false
{% endconfiguration %}

## Cover

> After setup, your shades/blinds will appear in Home Assistant with one entity per channel on the remote, e.g. `cover.wevolor_channel_1`, `cover.wevolor_channel_2`, etc. This integration does not currently support groups of channels. 

Reviewer: "does not currently support groups of channels" is rather confusing, as Home Assistant groups and cover groups will work.
